The master said it was impossible.
That's right. I mean just in case,
One day I will give out 10,000 yuan, and Shi Yue will leave my grandfather to take care of him.
But my grandfather is also old.
In case he arrives,
Shiyue still needs you to take care of her.
Brother Chengxiong, why did you pay 10,000?
You can definitely make it into the panel.
Master Chengxiong, nothing happened to you really.
You can rest assured to tell me, I will definitely enter the power.
Really, but just promise me.
I promise you, who has been suppressing civil affairs for so long?
If you are really not here, I will definitely take care of you.
Okay, that's fine, but the guest room is over here, I'll take you there. This announcement is before the ball
why are you here
I'm here to demonstrate
do you have any regrets
if you regret
tell me now
Of course not
Why do you ask that?
Can you really let go of your words?
your friends
Everything wonderful about this time
Will resurrect together
I owe you this
Things I posted
Never give a quote
you finally got up
How old is it that you still have to rely on it?
so tired
I also had a dream, right?
One hundred thousand, hurry up and go to Grandpa Wang Boqiu
Hurry up from Wang Bojia's clothes store
A little weird
Look at the price, Li Ya
I kind of need to make sure.
You eat first